.config/firefox/README.md, before:


# Firefox settings

This is a reminder of my personal Firefox configurations.

To set any setting go to `about:config`.


## Performance

### Exclusively use memory

Have you a few extra Gigabytes in memory?

Disable `browser.cache.disk.enable` and create an `integer` fieled named
 `browser.cache.memory.capacity` set to `-1`. `-1` means unlimited.


## Ergonomics

### Disable header hiding on fullscreen

If you use a tiling winfows mananger such as [i3](https://i3wm.org), you can be 
 annoyed by the automatic hiding of the header when you turn on fullscreen mode.

Disable `browser.fullscreen.autohide`


### Disable Poccket

If you don't use Pocket, you can disbale the extension.
This also removes the save-to-pocket entry from the contextual menu.

Disable `extensions.pocket.enabled`


### Mitigate this damn Ctrl-q

Another yet annoying thing is to accidentatlly press Ctrl-q. Firefox
 immediately shutdowns, regardless the number of opened tabs,
 without any warning!

The best solution (without extensions) I found is to set a setting to warn the
 user when ctrl-q is pressed.

Enable `browser.showQuitWarning`


### Disable Go back on pressing of middle mouse

Did you already notice that pressing your middle mouse, out of an hyperlink,
 loads a previous page?

I have encontred this behavior too many times...

Let's disable `middlemouse.contentLoadURL`


### Prompt for auto refresh

Would you like take the control over your browser?

Enable `accessibility.blockautorefresh`


### Web Notifications

Are you annoyed by these websites which spam you about desktop notifiations?

Disable `dom.webnotifications.enabled`


### Windows without URL bar

Enable `dom.disable_window_open_feature.location`.

This enables to open windows without the URL bar.
For example you can add this kind of bookmark to open a webapp:

`javascript:{window.open("webapp-url","_blank","menubar=no,location=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes,left=150,top=50)}`



## Privacy and security

### Isolate cookies by domain

Separate cookies by domain. This prevents advertisers to aggregate data over
 distinct websites in a single cookie.

Enable `privacy.firstparty.isolate`

Disable `privacy.firstparty.isolate.restrict_opener_access` to relax the policy.
 This reduces the number of brocken websites.


### Referer policy

Instead of sending the entire URI, you can remove the query string.
Thus, the referer includes only the scheme, the host, the port, and the path.

Set `network.http.referer.trimmingPolicy` to `1`

The following settings enables to strip the path component when the origin is
different:

Set `network.http.referer.XOriginTrimmingPolicy` to `2`


### Fingerprint mitigation

Enable `privacy.resistFingerprinting`

Note that this fakes the exposed browser version. This may prevent the
 installation of extensions.


### Firefox Sync

To hide Firefox Sync:

Disable `identity.fxaccounts.enabled`


### Remove session data, except some cookie

Go to **Privacy** tab of Firefox preferences and set the following options:

**history**

Firefox will: `Use custom settings for history`

- [ ] Always use private browsing mode
  - [ ] Remember my browsing and download history
  - [ ] Remember search and form history
  - [x] Accept cookies from sites
      - Accept third party cookies: `Never`
      - Keep until: `I close Firefox`
  - [x] Clear history when Firefox closes

In settings of `Clear history when Firefox closes` ensures that `Cookies` and
 `Site Preferences` are not checked. If `Site Preferences` is set, it removes
 every entered exceptions for cookies. `Keep until: I close Firefox` amkes
 all cookie, but exceptions, expirate when you close Firefox.

If you want to keep the cookies of a given website, enter its domain-s in
 `exception`. Do not forget to write the prootocl (e.g. https://domain.org).

See [here](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/questions/954358) for more details.

Commit message:

docs(firefox): disable FF sync

.config/firefox/README.md, after:


# Firefox settings

This is a reminder of my personal Firefox configurations.

To set any setting go to `about:config`.


## Performance

### Exclusively use memory

Have you a few extra Gigabytes in memory?

Disable `browser.cache.disk.enable` and create an `integer` fieled named
 `browser.cache.memory.capacity` set to `-1`. `-1` means unlimited.


## Ergonomics

### Disable header hiding on fullscreen

If you use a tiling winfows mananger such as [i3](https://i3wm.org), you can be 
 annoyed by the automatic hiding of the header when you turn on fullscreen mode.

Disable `browser.fullscreen.autohide`


### Disable Poccket and Firefox Sync

If you don't use Pocket, you can disbale the extension.
This also removes the save-to-pocket entry from the contextual menu.

Disable `extensions.pocket.enabled`


If you don't use Firefox sync service, you can disbale UI-related elemnts.

Disable `identity.fxaccounts.enabled`


### Mitigate this damn Ctrl-q

Another yet annoying thing is to accidentatlly press Ctrl-q. Firefox
 immediately shutdowns, regardless the number of opened tabs,
 without any warning!

The best solution (without extensions) I found is to set a setting to warn the
 user when ctrl-q is pressed.

Enable `browser.showQuitWarning`


### Disable Go back on pressing of middle mouse

Did you already notice that pressing your middle mouse, out of an hyperlink,
 loads a previous page?

I have encontred this behavior too many times...

Let's disable `middlemouse.contentLoadURL`


### Prompt for auto refresh

Would you like take the control over your browser?

Enable `accessibility.blockautorefresh`


### Web Notifications

Are you annoyed by these websites which spam you about desktop notifiations?

Disable `dom.webnotifications.enabled`


### Windows without URL bar

Enable `dom.disable_window_open_feature.location`.

This enables to open windows without the URL bar.
For example you can add this kind of bookmark to open a webapp:

`javascript:{window.open("webapp-url","_blank","menubar=no,location=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes,left=150,top=50)}`



## Privacy and security

### Isolate cookies by domain

Separate cookies by domain. This prevents advertisers to aggregate data over
 distinct websites in a single cookie.

Enable `privacy.firstparty.isolate`

Disable `privacy.firstparty.isolate.restrict_opener_access` to relax the policy.
 This reduces the number of brocken websites.


### Referer policy

Instead of sending the entire URI, you can remove the query string.
Thus, the referer includes only the scheme, the host, the port, and the path.

Set `network.http.referer.trimmingPolicy` to `1`

The following settings enables to strip the path component when the origin is
different:

Set `network.http.referer.XOriginTrimmingPolicy` to `2`


### Fingerprint mitigation

Enable `privacy.resistFingerprinting`

Note that this fakes the exposed browser version. This may prevent the
 installation of extensions.


### Firefox Sync

To hide Firefox Sync:

Disable `identity.fxaccounts.enabled`


### Remove session data, except some cookie

Go to **Privacy** tab of Firefox preferences and set the following options:

**history**

Firefox will: `Use custom settings for history`

- [ ] Always use private browsing mode
  - [ ] Remember my browsing and download history
  - [ ] Remember search and form history
  - [x] Accept cookies from sites
      - Accept third party cookies: `Never`
      - Keep until: `I close Firefox`
  - [x] Clear history when Firefox closes

In settings of `Clear history when Firefox closes` ensures that `Cookies` and
 `Site Preferences` are not checked. If `Site Preferences` is set, it removes
 every entered exceptions for cookies. `Keep until: I close Firefox` amkes
 all cookie, but exceptions, expirate when you close Firefox.

If you want to keep the cookies of a given website, enter its domain-s in
 `exception`. Do not forget to write the prootocl (e.g. https://domain.org).

See [here](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/questions/954358) for more details.
